Hello {name},

Attached is your ALC schedule.  If you have any questions about your schedule, please let us know.

Have a great day,
The ALC office staff


Answers to Schedule FAQ'S:

+     During the school year, the schedule goes out every day Sunday through Thursday.  During the summer, the schedule goes out every day Monday through Friday.  If you do not get a schedule by 9pm on a day that you should have received it, please contact the office.

+     Your schedule shows the upcoming 7 days as a preview, but schedules may/often change until the day prior.

+     If you see an error in your schedule (i.e. a student that you were expecting is not on your schedule, or a student that you think should be cancelled is still on your schedule), please contact the office.

+     Cancelled appointments will just disappear from your schedule.

+     Please read your schedule carefully.  Schedules constantly change and you should double check the dates and times with each new daily schedule or you may show up on a day or time that you do not have students.  For example, if a regular appointment slides his or her time up slightly, which happens often, you may not notice if you do not read your schedule very carefully.

+     Please pay attention to the dates on the schedule.  The first date listed is the next day that you are scheduled, but this may not be the next calendar day.

+     If you have requested a specific time off and it has been approved, you will notice an OFF on your schedule.  Students might also still be scheduled in that time; we do not remove appointments until we have confirmed that change with the client. 

+     We put as much information as possible about a particular appointment on your schedule.  Please let us know if you wish to obtain more information from a parent/teacher/student prior to your appointment.

+     Please be sure to note if your student has a custom folder that should be pulled for the appointment.  This includes sessions that are noted with study skills, SAT/ACT or other test prep, or custom plan.

+     If you see that you are double-booked, it is likely a student on a waiting list or a group appointment.  If you suspect any errors in the schedule, please do notify us.

+     Please note that the last few minutes of each session is designated to complete a session summary form (SSF) with your student.  Some parents will wish to speak with a tutor during that time for progress updates, and we will note it accordingly.  If so, please do the SSF a bit earlier in the session.

+     We are a team and are all here to make the appointments on your schedule a success!  Please let us know if there is anything that we can do to support you.   